Update 5g-on-helium.mdx (#1159)
helium/docs: docs/5g-on-helium/5g-on-helium.mdx

the Helium Foundation receives an allocation of 50B (billion) of 250B MOBILE tokens in the form of a
pre-mine.

> [HIP-75](https://github.com/helium/HIP/blob/main/0075-mobile-poc-initiate-programmatic-minting-and-updated-emissions-curve.md#economic-changes-to-emissions-curve) further modifiled the emission schedule and started the programatic minting of MOBILE.

Reviewer: Would be good to just lay out the emissions schedule rather than pointing to HIPs

Reviewer 2: added emissions table in change [0ca2a35](https://github.com/helium/docs/pull/1159/commits/0ca2a358e345cd585a2e088860c67edfefd01900)

## Emissions Curve

HIP 53 defined a max supply of 250B (billion) MOBILE with issuance halvenings every two years 

> aligned withthe HNT issuance halvenings. The first halving will occur on August 1, 2023, to align 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aligned with the HNT issuance halvenings. The first MOBILE halving will occur on August 1, 2023, to align 
```

with HNT halving and will continue on a 2-year cycle afterward. Creating a "stub period" as defined by
[HIP 53: Mobile subDAO](https://github.com/helium/HIP/blob/main/0053-mobile-dao.md), which will begin when standard emissions of MOBILE tokens 
begin (and MOBILE can be redeemed by HNT in the subDAO's treasury).

[HIP-75](https://github.com/helium/HIP/blob/main/0075-mobile-poc-initiate-programmatic-minting-and-updated-emissions-curve.md#economic-changes-to-emissions-curve) further modifiled the emission schedule and started the programatic minting 
of MOBILE on Feb 1st 2023.

> The date for the treasury implementation is April 18th 2023 and dependent on core developers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The date for the treasury implementation is April 18, 2023 and dependent on core developers 
```
